hello YouTube it's Garrett with Jared
IRL and I'm here at the skyforge which
is in right run she had this amazing mom
column called
glimmer which is now on the Steam
Workshop so you're gonna go by dragon's
reach near white run to get to the sky
forge you didn't know where that was
it's in the Companions nest and yeah so
you go to the Big Sky Forge and you go
under steel well you got to make sure
that you have steel unlocked you have to
be I think it's like 20 skill in
smithing so yeah there's a glimmer with
one handed and then the woman with two
handed all of them one handed kind of
looks like it's gold in the picture it's
really not it's the same like it is in
the pictures like that I think it's a
very beautiful sword it looks stainless
steel which is amazing I also really
like the sheaths that this guy put into
his mod they're really realistic and I
bet he spent a lot of time on them look
at the silver or steel I also like the
ball at the tip of the sword down there
that makes it look really cool it also
kind of fits in with the game as well I
really like the double handed sword
though just coming up yes here's the
double handed sword as you can see it
looks pretty good with my armor on I
have a midians borne orcish armor so
yeah I think it looks really really cool
with this armor so yeah this one also
has the ball at the end
yeah there's the sheath the same sheet
that they had on the left side but it
cept it's on the back for the longsword
yeah
they look the same and it looks really
cool I wish it was just a little bit
longer so it fit more of the sword in
there I don't look really cool but it'd
probably take a little bit longer so
it's okay
here's another one of my person just
standing still with the sword it looks
great against all the trees in the grass
I'm also using lush trees and less grass
mod and I'm about to show you the side
by side of the two swords I think
they're about the same weight and for
them I think they're about the same size
when they're lined up what shouldn't be
right because one should be longer than
the other which could be a thing to fix
in the future but yeah other than that
it's a great mod swords look really
realistic and how about you to show you
some action of the sword and battle with
the dragon and a bear so here we go I'm
using the two-handed sword right now
which doesn't do much damage for the
dragon because I haven't leveled it up
on my character well you'll see that the
one-handed does a ton damage yes which
the one-handed one I just really like
this so pretty cool and this is a mod
worth downloading you just subscribe to
it on Steam Workshop going to
automatically download and of course all
the damage yeah took out this barrack
pretty quick to make it did more damage
to dragon that it did on the bigger
so anyways if you're watching this on
Steam Workshop I probably posted on
there please comment rate and subscribe
on my youtube channel if you want more
videos like this just ask me about a mod
and I'll do a showcase on it so she
later YouTube subscribe
you